If you actually call agricultural funds from the World Bank,
Then I will immediately take my son and drive from here!
Is this what you said?
Yes, that's what I said.
OK, you wait,
See how I fight you,
Let you lose it!
Hey, don't talk about it.
Have you been downstairs now?
I need some funds here
You'll want to adjust
Okay, I figured it out.
Wait for me here
Let me show you what power is
if i tell you
The world's No. 1 Huang Changlai is mine in the Dragon Kingdom.
You can still laugh
What did you say
The number one Huang Chang in the world is your name
You have this idea
It seems that you are accompanying this kind of person
The master is on the road many times
It's okay for you to be far away
Difficulty is world-class
You can't take your time without overtaking me
But you can rest assured that you feel like a mother
I will give you enough face
Okay, that’s all you have
Even if it is sparse
I don't care anymore
Don't worry, it can't be mine
That's it, you kind
Once you do it, you will know the consequences
Is success all there?